Update EIP overview pages (#738)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-channels/overview.md

# Messaging Channels

A Message channel is a basic architectural pattern of a [messaging system]({{base_path}}/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/messaging-systems/overview) and is used fundamentally for exchanging data between applications. An application can use a channel to make a specific type of data available to any receiver applications that need to consume that type of data.

> This chapter introduces different types of channels used in a messaging system, their behaviors, and how each of them can be simulated using the WSO2 Micro Integrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section introduces different types of channels used in a messaging system, their behaviors, and how they can be simulated using the WSO2 Micro Integrator.
```
